docs: improve the troubleshooting guide for Eventing (#569)
kyma-project/eventing-manager: docs/user/troubleshooting/evnt-05-fix-pending-messages.md

                Replicas: 3
                 Storage: File
   ```

> 4. If none of the above steps work perform restart of the nats pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If none of the previous steps work, perform a restart of the NATS Pods:
```
